---
shorttitle: About us
title: Unikorn, who are we and what do we do
description: About Digital Unikorn AB - the Sweden based digital agency focusing
  on advanced SEO and web projects.
canonical: https://www.unikorn.se/about/
path: /about/
language: en
original: null
og_image:
  src: ../assets/og.png
  alt: About Digital Unikorn AB
hero:
  heading: Here be Unikorns
  text: "We’re your best friend when it comes to helping you find the path to a
    successful digital strategy. We have the know-how and experience to handle
    every aspect of your Digital Marketing, and thus, will be by your side
    throughout the entire process. From the initial stages to follow-ups,
    revisions, and course direction, a solid constant SEO, web project and
    digital strategies' performance-partner. "
  featured_image:
    src: ../assets/undraw_personal_information_962o.svg
    alt: About page
  button: Get in touch
  buttonlink: /contact/
---
## Magic doesn't just happen, Unikorn expertise is required

Unikorn is a digital agency focusing on Digital Marketing Strategies, Growth Hacking and Advanced SEO. In other words, we have you covered through all the steps of the way towards an online digital presence focused on gaining outstanding performance. A service designed for start-ups, enterprises, family businesses, and multinationals.

To achieve these types of services, Unikorn knows that friends are important, especially when you are small, which is why we have built a vast network of other experienced boutique agencies. These professional colleagues, comprise consultants and freelancers to deliver top results in any digital project. From social media experienced professionals to top-notch copywriters and search engine optimisation game-changers, ready to start your journey or up your scores.

This curated performance-partner for your Digital Marketing presence became a reality, when Ulrika Viberg in 2016 founded it while being a full-time consultant for eBay Classified Group, based in Greater-London. When Ulrika returned to Sweden in early-2018, she decided to continue to do consultancy work under Unikorn. Currently, we continue to aid businesses large and small with their digital journey with the sole purpose of keeping their digital presence at the top-end of the game.

**[Read more about the Unikorn approach](https://www.unikorn.se/about/our-approach/)**